docs/api.md, before:

# Gm2 WordPress Suite API

This file is generated by `bin/generate-hooks-docs.js`.

## PHP Hooks

### `gm2_abandoned_carts_ip_cache_lifetime` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:1102`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_abandoned_carts_ip_cache_lifetime', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_active_interval_ms` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Public.php:82`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_active_interval_ms', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_debug` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:501`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_ac_debug', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_default_email_body` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:77`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_default_email_body', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_default_email_subject` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:73`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_default_email_subject', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_failure_threshold` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Admin.php:301`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_failure_threshold', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_inactivity_ms` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Public.php:76`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_inactivity_ms', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Admin.php:122`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `admin/class-gm2-ac-table.php:151`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:123`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:658`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:1134`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:1159`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_max_attempts` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:33`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_max_attempts', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_max_attempts` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:48`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_max_attempts', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_send_message` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:37`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_ac_send_message', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_send_message` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:53`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_ac_send_message', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:154`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:175`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:222`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:598`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:748`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ai_batch_limit` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:5935`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ai_batch_limit', ... );
```

### `gm2_ai_batch_limit` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:6043`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ai_batch_limit', ... );
```

### `gm2_analytics_respect_dnt` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Analytics.php:167`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_analytics_respect_dnt', ... );
```

### `gm2_brand_taxonomies` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_SEO_Utils.php:156`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_brand_taxonomies', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:371`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:1467`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:1713`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:4499`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:4844`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:5217`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:5319`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_compression_api_url` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:2952`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_compression_api_url', ... );
```

### `gm2_editorial_comment_mention` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Workflow_Manager.php:273`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_editorial_comment_mention', ... );
```

### `gm2_elastic_query` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-query-builder.php:38`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_elastic_query', ... );
```

### `gm2_env` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:38`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_env', ... );
```

### `gm2_gcloud_project_id` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Google_OAuth.php:36`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_gcloud_project_id', ... );
```

### `gm2_gmc_realtime_fields` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_GMC_Realtime.php:34`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_gmc_realtime_fields', ... );
```

### `gm2_google_oauth_instance` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:892`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_google_oauth_instance', ... );
```

### `gm2_google_oauth_instance` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:922`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_google_oauth_instance', ... );
```

### `gm2_google_oauth_instance` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:1793`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_google_oauth_instance', ... );
```

### `gm2_google_oauth_instance` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:2859`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_google_oauth_instance', ... );
```

### `gm2_lazy_load_group_placeholder` (action)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:659`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_lazy_load_group_placeholder', ... );
```

### `gm2_lazy_load_meta_value` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:796`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_lazy_load_meta_value', ... );
```

### `gm2_lazy_meta_loader` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:811`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_lazy_meta_loader', ... );
```

### `gm2_meta_tags` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_SEO_Public.php:550`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_meta_tags', ... );
```

### `gm2_model_locked` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_Admin.php:459`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_model_locked', ... );
```

### `gm2_model_locked` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:687`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_model_locked', ... );
```

### `gm2_og_image_url` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_SEO_Public.php:516`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_og_image_url', ... );
```

### `gm2_optimize_image_file` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_REST_Media.php:58`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_optimize_image_file', ... );
```

### `gm2_query_adapter` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-query-builder.php:45`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_query_adapter', ... );
```

### `gm2_register_post_type_args` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:441`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_register_post_type_args', ... );
```

### `gm2_search_console_meta` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_SEO_Public.php:1144`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_search_console_meta', ... );
```

### `gm2_seo_context` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_SEO_Utils.php:53`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_seo_context', ... );
```

### `gm2_service_account_json` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Google_OAuth.php:38`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_service_account_json', ... );
```

### `gm2_set_cache_headers` (action)
Location: `public/Gm2_SEO_Public.php:1242`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_set_cache_headers', ... );
```

### `gm2_should_lazy_load_group` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:657`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_should_lazy_load_group', ... );
```

### `gm2_sitekit_login_enabled` (filter)
Location: `includes/widgets/class-gm2-registration-login-widget.php:443`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_sitekit_login_enabled', ... );
```

### `gm2_sitemap_posts_per_page` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Sitemap.php:56`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_sitemap_posts_per_page', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_Link_Counts.php:20`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:140`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:366`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:458`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Sitemap.php:26`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_use_custom_tables` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-tables.php:23`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_use_custom_tables', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:3028`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:3047`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_REST_Fields.php:66`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Webhooks.php:75`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Webhooks.php:105`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `woocommerce_email_footer` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:82`

```php
do_action( 'woocommerce_email_footer', ... );
```

### `woocommerce_email_header` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:80`

```php
do_action( 'woocommerce_email_header', ... );
```

Commit message:

docs: document local Gemma setup

docs/api.md, after:

# Gm2 WordPress Suite API

This file is generated by `bin/generate-hooks-docs.js`.

## Local Gemma

The plugin can execute a locally installed Gemma binary instead of using a remote API.

### Requirements
- Gemma inference binary available on the server (default `/usr/local/bin/gemma`).
- Gemma model file on disk.

### Configuration
1. Navigate to **Gm2 → AI Settings** and select **Gemma (Local)**.
2. Enter the paths to the model and inference binary.
3. Save the settings.

### Performance considerations
Local inference consumes considerable CPU/GPU and memory resources and blocks the PHP request until completion. Avoid running it on low-powered or shared hosting environments.

## PHP Hooks

### `gm2_abandoned_carts_ip_cache_lifetime` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:1102`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_abandoned_carts_ip_cache_lifetime', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_active_interval_ms` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Public.php:82`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_active_interval_ms', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_debug` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:501`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_ac_debug', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_default_email_body` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:77`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_default_email_body', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_default_email_subject` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:73`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_default_email_subject', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_failure_threshold` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Admin.php:301`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_failure_threshold', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_inactivity_ms` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Public.php:76`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_inactivity_ms', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Admin.php:122`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `admin/class-gm2-ac-table.php:151`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:123`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:658`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:1134`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:1159`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_mark_abandoned_interval', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_max_attempts` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:33`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_max_attempts', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_max_attempts` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:48`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_max_attempts', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_send_message` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:37`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_ac_send_message', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_send_message` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:53`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_ac_send_message', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:154`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:175`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:222`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:598`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ac_skip_admin` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts.php:748`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ac_skip_admin', ... );
```

### `gm2_ai_batch_limit` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:5935`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ai_batch_limit', ... );
```

### `gm2_ai_batch_limit` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:6043`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_ai_batch_limit', ... );
```

### `gm2_analytics_respect_dnt` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Analytics.php:167`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_analytics_respect_dnt', ... );
```

### `gm2_brand_taxonomies` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_SEO_Utils.php:156`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_brand_taxonomies', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:371`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:1467`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:1713`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:4499`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:4844`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:5217`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:5319`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_bulk_ai_tax_capability', ... );
```

### `gm2_compression_api_url` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:2952`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_compression_api_url', ... );
```

### `gm2_editorial_comment_mention` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Workflow_Manager.php:273`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_editorial_comment_mention', ... );
```

### `gm2_elastic_query` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-query-builder.php:38`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_elastic_query', ... );
```

### `gm2_env` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:38`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_env', ... );
```

### `gm2_gcloud_project_id` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Google_OAuth.php:36`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_gcloud_project_id', ... );
```

### `gm2_gmc_realtime_fields` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_GMC_Realtime.php:34`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_gmc_realtime_fields', ... );
```

### `gm2_google_oauth_instance` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:892`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_google_oauth_instance', ... );
```

### `gm2_google_oauth_instance` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:922`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_google_oauth_instance', ... );
```

### `gm2_google_oauth_instance` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:1793`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_google_oauth_instance', ... );
```

### `gm2_google_oauth_instance` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:2859`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_google_oauth_instance', ... );
```

### `gm2_lazy_load_group_placeholder` (action)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:659`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_lazy_load_group_placeholder', ... );
```

### `gm2_lazy_load_meta_value` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:796`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_lazy_load_meta_value', ... );
```

### `gm2_lazy_meta_loader` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:811`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_lazy_meta_loader', ... );
```

### `gm2_meta_tags` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_SEO_Public.php:550`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_meta_tags', ... );
```

### `gm2_model_locked` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_Admin.php:459`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_model_locked', ... );
```

### `gm2_model_locked` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:687`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_model_locked', ... );
```

### `gm2_og_image_url` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_SEO_Public.php:516`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_og_image_url', ... );
```

### `gm2_optimize_image_file` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_REST_Media.php:58`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_optimize_image_file', ... );
```

### `gm2_query_adapter` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-query-builder.php:45`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_query_adapter', ... );
```

### `gm2_register_post_type_args` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:441`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_register_post_type_args', ... );
```

### `gm2_search_console_meta` (filter)
Location: `public/Gm2_SEO_Public.php:1144`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_search_console_meta', ... );
```

### `gm2_seo_context` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_SEO_Utils.php:53`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_seo_context', ... );
```

### `gm2_service_account_json` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Google_OAuth.php:38`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_service_account_json', ... );
```

### `gm2_set_cache_headers` (action)
Location: `public/Gm2_SEO_Public.php:1242`

```php
do_action( 'gm2_set_cache_headers', ... );
```

### `gm2_should_lazy_load_group` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-posts-functions.php:657`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_should_lazy_load_group', ... );
```

### `gm2_sitekit_login_enabled` (filter)
Location: `includes/widgets/class-gm2-registration-login-widget.php:443`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_sitekit_login_enabled', ... );
```

### `gm2_sitemap_posts_per_page` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Sitemap.php:56`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_sitemap_posts_per_page', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_Link_Counts.php:20`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:140`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:366`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `gm2-wordpress-suite.php:458`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_supported_post_types` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Sitemap.php:26`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_supported_post_types', ... );
```

### `gm2_use_custom_tables` (filter)
Location: `includes/gm2-custom-tables.php:23`

```php
apply_filters( 'gm2_use_custom_tables', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:3028`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `admin/Gm2_SEO_Admin.php:3047`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_REST_Fields.php:66`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Webhooks.php:75`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `the_content` (filter)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Webhooks.php:105`

```php
apply_filters( 'the_content', ... );
```

### `woocommerce_email_footer` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:82`

```php
do_action( 'woocommerce_email_footer', ... );
```

### `woocommerce_email_header` (action)
Location: `includes/Gm2_Abandoned_Carts_Messaging.php:80`

```php
do_action( 'woocommerce_email_header', ... );
```
