docs/model-cli.md, before:

# Model WP-CLI commands

Manage custom post types, taxonomies, and field groups from the command line.
All commands are run with the `wp gm2 model` prefix.

## Creating models

### Custom post type

```bash
wp gm2 model create cpt <slug> [--args=<json>]
```

### Taxonomy

```bash
wp gm2 model create taxonomy <cpt> <slug> [--args=<json>]
```

### Field group

```bash
wp gm2 model create field <cpt> <key> [--args=<json>]
```

## Updating models

```bash
wp gm2 model update cpt <slug> [--args=<json>] [--version=<version>]
wp gm2 model update taxonomy <cpt> <slug> [--args=<json>]
wp gm2 model update field <cpt> <key> [--args=<json>]
```

`modify` is an alias for `update`.

## Deleting models

```bash
wp gm2 model delete cpt <slug>
wp gm2 model delete taxonomy <cpt> <slug>
wp gm2 model delete field <cpt> <key>
```

## Migrations

Run pending migrations for all models:

```bash
wp gm2 model migrate
```

## Exporting and importing

```bash
wp gm2 model export <file> [--format=<json|yaml>]
wp gm2 model import <file> [--format=<json|yaml>]
```

## Blueprints

The `gm2 blueprint` command provides a shortcut for working with JSON blueprints that describe post types, taxonomies and field groups.

```bash
wp gm2 blueprint export blueprint.json
wp gm2 blueprint import directory.json events.json
```

Imports are validated against `presets/schema.json` and sample blueprints are available in `assets/blueprints/samples/`. Bundled presets ship under `presets/{preset}/blueprint.json`.

## Seeding data

```bash
wp gm2 model seed
```

Commit message:

Add GraphQL registry and expose meta schemas

docs/model-cli.md, after:

# Model WP-CLI commands

Manage custom post types, taxonomies, and field groups from the command line.
All commands are run with the `wp gm2 model` prefix.

## Creating models

### Custom post type

```bash
wp gm2 model create cpt <slug> [--args=<json>]
```

### Taxonomy

```bash
wp gm2 model create taxonomy <cpt> <slug> [--args=<json>]
```

### Field group

```bash
wp gm2 model create field <cpt> <key> [--args=<json>]
```

## Updating models

```bash
wp gm2 model update cpt <slug> [--args=<json>] [--version=<version>]
wp gm2 model update taxonomy <cpt> <slug> [--args=<json>]
wp gm2 model update field <cpt> <key> [--args=<json>]
```

`modify` is an alias for `update`.

## Deleting models

```bash
wp gm2 model delete cpt <slug>
wp gm2 model delete taxonomy <cpt> <slug>
wp gm2 model delete field <cpt> <key>
```

## Migrations

Run pending migrations for all models:

```bash
wp gm2 model migrate
```

## Exporting and importing

```bash
wp gm2 model export <file> [--format=<json|yaml>]
wp gm2 model import <file> [--format=<json|yaml>]
```

## Blueprints

The `gm2 blueprint` command provides a shortcut for working with JSON blueprints that describe post types, taxonomies and field groups.

```bash
wp gm2 blueprint export blueprint.json
wp gm2 blueprint import directory.json events.json
```

Imports are validated against `presets/schema.json` and sample blueprints are available in `assets/blueprints/samples/`. Bundled presets ship under `presets/{preset}/blueprint.json`.

## GraphQL naming

Models created via the CLI now expose their data to WPGraphQL automatically. Post types and taxonomies are registered with `show_in_graphql` enabled and receive PascalCase single/plural names derived from their labels. Override those names when necessary with the `gm2/graphql/post_type_single_name`, `gm2/graphql/post_type_plural_name`, `gm2/graphql/taxonomy_single_name`, and `gm2/graphql/taxonomy_plural_name` filters. Field keys become camelCase GraphQL fields, and the `gm2/graphql/field_name` filter allows projects to customise them before registration.

## Seeding data

```bash
wp gm2 model seed
```
